                                           THE LAND OF KANDORIA


                                               Kandoria... 
                                   A land of legends and great wars... 

There exist rumors that say Kandoria was a rich country and all the neighboring countries envied it. 
Soon great wars broke out, and no ending was near, until a great magician stopped everything many
                                       years later. 
                   However... nobody believes that those rumors are true... 

             But as long as people know there have always been wars in Kandoria. 
                 The word "peace" was unknown and the people lived in fear. 
Knights, merchants and even magicians were roaming the land and did nothing than killing, robbing,
                                      destroying... 
  Kandoria was almost completely devastated. Destroyed houses, blood everywhere and all those
                                       weapons... 
                         Many dead bodies, so many dead bodies... 
                                and nobody knows WHY!?! 

                                                                       

    None of those many wars between the kingdoms seemed to have any objective... just war... 
  But with the time passing by, all the dead bodies disappeared, everything recovered and people
                                    restored the cities. 
   Finally this long period of war was over. It was something new for the people, something called
                                       "peace"... 
                Civilization began to develop and life was prosperous and good. 
                    It looked like there would never break out wars again... 

              So time went on and Lord Candor became the new leader of Kandoria. 
                     A millennium had passed since the great wars ended. 
 Kandoria was a relatively poor country in those days, but people were able to lead a good life and
                                      were satisfied. 
         The trading with the neighboring countries flourished and nobody spoke of war. 
        But right now, strange things are happening... diseases are spreading in Kandoria. 
                           Nobody knows where they come from. 
  There were cave ins in several mining towns and the orcish tribes seem to keep back important
                                      information. 
         The grain harvest was very poor this year and people are suffering from hunger. 
           Thunderstorms and tornados are destroying the cities and the landscape... 

                                 What is behind all this? 
                                    Is it just bad luck? 
                                    How will it all end?

                                 

                               AN EXTRACT OF MARTEK'S DIARY


                                 Life could be so easy... 
    But the blood of an adventurer is flowing in my veins. It’s like an addiction.. I just can’t stop... 
   So it had to come. I packed all the necessary things and headed towards the high mountains. 
It is said that there are many great treasures hidden in the mountains...I’d like to find one of them. So I
 just followed my sentiments and traveled deep into the mountains. A long journey, but also a very
 boring one. Nothing exciting happened, I almost got eaten by a bear while I was sleeping and there
 was a heavy thunderstorm and I found no place to hide. I hate boring journeys, but I can’t change it.
                                       That’s life... 
             I could see a small village in the distance...I decided to head there first. 

                                          (...) 

 Finally I arrived in this small village. It was a long way, so I hope to find here what I’m searching for.
    After walking around a bit I noticed two people talking about a forest and a mysterious tower. 
   The one, probably a villager, said it has a reason that the forest is called The Dark Forest. He
    mentioned ghosts flying around and many dangerous beings living there. It would be far too
dangerous to travel through this forest to The Gray Tower of the old magician alone. The other one, I
 think he was an adventurer like me, just laughed and left with the words "Just kidding, huh?". Maybe
this were his last words ever, because some minutes later I heard a scream of death coming from the
                            direction where the forest is located. 

This is strange. An old magician who lives in a tower. This is crazy. And it is said that it is spooking in
                         the forest... hmmm... this is VERY strange... 
I think I should gather some information about this old mine over there. I’m sure that I can find some
  treasures in there. I can’t enter... there’s a magic barrier... So I just asked a man who was coming
                        along the way about the mine and this barrier. 

 He gave me an advice... I should keep out of that mine, it’s very dangerous. A couple of years ago
they had a cave-in, many villagers were killed. Apart from he mentioned that some people nervously
 left the town, because they thought they heard strange noises coming out of the shaft. After that the
 old magician living in his tower located deep in the forest sealed the mine with some sort of magic.
                     This old magician again... I already heard about him... 
If I want to explore the old shafts I should first go meet the magician, maybe he will help me to remove
                                    the magic barrier. 

 This old magician... a cave-in...strange noises... things are getting interesting. I am preparing for a
great exciting adventure. I should freshen up a bit now. While I was walking towards the inn a small girl
almost bumped into me. She looked scared and wanted to talk to me... A little girl wants to talk to me,
                               the stranger? Why is that??? 

She said this cemetery over there is cursed. There was a big massacre on that place a century ago.
 The orcs attacked the village without any reason and destroyed almost everything. A big war broke
out, blood, so much blood and all those dead bodies, weapons lying in the grass everywhere, it must
                                    have been cruel... 
She said her grandmother told her all those things, but she could feel that all this is true, even if she
                           hadn’t seen all this with her own eyes... 
She thinks even now this cemetery is scary... things are going from bad to worse the nearer you come
to this place... she once sneaked through the gate... it was just.... I can’t believe she saw this. She said
there were skeletons roaming around... it is said that they had a strange glowing in there eyes... as if
 they were controlled by a superior might...and there were also rotten zombies shuffling between the
                              tombs. This girl must be joking! 
She also mentioned that sometimes she is so scared that she could hide in a barrel and never come
                                       out again... 

Something is wrong with that girl. Why does she tell such stories to a stranger. She must know more
about those occurrences. I should get some sleep first and then make some investigations as soon
                                as I’ve found this magician. 

   This rumor about the living dead in the cemetery, is there something true about it? The living
  dead...sounds...well...deadly. A trip to this cursed cemetery would be really exciting, but I should
concentrate on my treasure hunt. Strange noises from the shaft... a cave-in...the magic seal... how can
I break it... the villagers mentioned an old magician who has the powers to ban the magic seal. But I
   need to go into this dark forest... the people say it’s spooking there. Ghosts...they don’t exist, do
 they?... as far as I know they are only used in tales to scare small children. Something is wrong with
        this village...this gloomy atmosphere...as if everything here was under a big curse. 
This could be a more challenging adventure than I had expected...it could be the adventure of my life!

  So there's no time to lose. Let’s buy the most important things and then head towards The Dark
                                        Forest... 

                              And so the adventure started... 
                                                   

(C)1998 Firoball